
Influenza

The CDC recommends that adults get 1 dose of the flu vaccine annually. Please consult with your physician or local pharmacy to schedule your flu dose.
 
Pneumococcal
 
Adults between the ages of 19 and 64 may qualify to receive the pneumococcal vaccine based on medical conditions or other risk factors. Please consult with your physician to determine eligibility.
 
Hepatitis A
 
It is recommended that adults have 2 or 3 doses of the HepA vaccine depending on vaccine type and indication. You currently have 2 doses, but may need a third. Please consult with your physician.
 
Hepatitis B
 
The CDC recommends 2,3, or 4 doses of the HepB vaccine for adults under the age of 60 depending on vaccine or condition. Please consult with your physician to determine how many more doses you need to be considered fully vaccinated.
 
Meningococcal A,C,W,Y
 
You are fully vaccinated with the Meningococcal ACWY vaccine.
 
Meningococcal B
 
For adults 19 and older, the  CDC recommends 2 or 3 doses of the Meningococcal B vaccine depending on indication. Please consult with your physician to determine if you are eligible to receive the MenB vaccine.
 
Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib)
 
For adults 19 and older, the  CDC recommends 1 or 3 doses of the Hib vaccine depending on indication. Please consult with your physician to determine if you are eligible to receive the Hib vaccine and how many doses you need.
 
Human papillomavirus (HPV)
 
You are fully vaccinated against HPV.
 
Zoster recombinant
 
This vaccine is recommended for adults under 50 if they are immunocompromised. If you believe this may apply to you, please consult with your physician to discuss eligibility.
 
Varicella
 
Records indicate you currently have 1 dose of the varicella vaccine. To be considered fully vaccinated, you must have 2 doses. Please consult with your physician.
 
Measles, Mumps, Rubella
 
1 to 2 doses of the MMR vaccine are needed to be considered fully vaccinated. Records indicate you have not received an MMR vaccine. Please consult with your physician to discuss vaccination.
 
Tetanus (Tdap)
 
It has been 10 years since your last Tdap vaccination dose, please discuss vaccination options with your physician.
 
COVID-19
 
You are considered fully vaccinated against COVID-19, however, you may want to consider a booster dose if more than 2 months has passed since your last COVID-19 vaccination. Please consult with a physician or a pharmacist to discuss booster options.
