Influenza
 
get flu vaccine. 
 
Pneumococcal
 
Adults between the ages of 19 and 64 may qualify to receive the pneumococcal vaccine based on medical conditions or other risk factors. Please consult with your doctor, and for more information visit linktocdcwebsite. 
 
Hepatitis A 
 
It is recommended that adults have 2 or 3 doses of the HepA vaccine depending on vaccine type and indication. If you have 2 doses, you may need a third. Please consult with your physician. 
 
Hepatitis B 
 
The CDC recommends 2,3, or 4 doses of the HepB vaccine for adults under the age of 60 depending on vaccine or condition. Please consult with your physician to determine how many more doses you need to be considered fully vaccinated. 
 
Meningococcal A,C,W,Y
 
You are fully vaccinated with the MenACWY vaccine.
 
Meningococcal B 
 
For adults 19 and older, the  CDC recommends 2 or 3 doses depending on indication. Please consult with your physician to determine if you are eligible to receive the MenB vaccine.
 
Haemophiliacs influenza 
 
For adults 19 and older, the  CDC recommends 1 or 3 doses depending on indication. Please consult with your physician to determine if you are eligible to receive the Hib vaccine and how many doses you need.
 
Human papillomavirus
 
You are fully vaccinated against HPV.
 
Zoster recombinant 
 
This vaccine is recommended for adults under 50 if they have an immunocompromising condition. If you believe this may apply to you, please consult with your physician.
 
Varicella 
 
Records indicate you currently have 1 dose of the varicella vaccine. To be considered fully vaccinated, you must have 2 doses. Please consult with physician. 
 
Measles, Mumps, Rubella 
 
get MMR. 
 
Tetanus 
  
it has been 10 years since your last tdap dose, discuss with physician. 
 
COVID-19 
 
You are considered fully vaccinated against COVID-19, however, you may want to consider a booster dose if more than 2 months has passed since your last COVID-19 vaccination. Please consult with a physician or a pharmacist to discuss booster options. 
